you guys know as well as I do we got
some new guys out there so we're going
to be revealed little short-handed but
it's going to be good well just get an
added huddle be efficient we got to
improve on third down and shove it on
third down a little bit we got an
improving red zone struggled in Reds on
the first two so hopefully get some
opportunities they are due to run some
plays and be effective in those areas
yeah I've never been apart of anything
like that all off all for all for going
down like that so it's a great
opportunity for these guys and it's
given given me a chance to Tino to work
with them and do some hands-on stuff
with them and they're excited you know I
got a huddle day with these guys and
they're all they're all excited to be
out there they want the ball they want
to do things the right way so we'll see
how it goes I'm sure it is I mean
there's going to mean Kevin White's not
gonna come back any time soon and we'll
see about some of these other guys
that's partly NFL there's other teams
out there as well they're dealing with
same situations that we're dealing with
we just got to work with the guys that
we have and I know Adam and the rest of
the guys are gonna put together a good
game plan each week yeah a lot of guys i
mean i don't want i wouldnt want to be
the guy to estimate that decision you
know we got the rookie we've got some
other some other guys that came on quiz
had a great great preseason Langford's
had a good pre-season you know 25k deems
come on I mean he's Randy ball extremely
hard I know Stan's doing a great job
with those guys making sure they're on
their on their stuff but every time you
give a guy a ball I mean it seems like
they're getting some chunks here and
there so I don't know how it's gonna
shake out yeah I do so this I feel like
there's a loaded question I'll deal with
it um you know Marty he's going to be a
penny any guys just kind of who he is
that's not going to change anytime soon
some of us agree with some stuff Marty
says some of us don't agree with some of
the stuff Marty says but Marty's gonna
say it either way you know Marty came
down to Nashville we've worked really
closely this last couple three three or
four weeks just because he's been gone I
talked to Marty today I mean I've got a
good rapport with Marty no matter what
he says I mean I think he was trying to
say you know different leaders in every
company
and the Bears we're not excluded from
that group you know Coach Fox's nearly
differently than i am and Adam casing a
little differently Diana party's going
to lead a different way from the way
that I do so it is what it is I know
he's doing everything possible to help
us out am excited for him